bugfix: missing compatibility_date (#1886)
cloudflare/wrangler2: .changeset/warm-points-wonder.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> bugfix: missing compatibility_date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: missing compatibility_date
```

> Fixed the compatibility_date not being in the wrangler.toml if one wasn't upstream in the script metadata.

Reviewer: We should be writing these for the benefit of folks who have no context what this is
```suggestion
Fixed a bug where compatibility_date wasn't being added to wrangler.toml when initializing a worker via `wrangler init --from-dash`
```

Author: Yeah I attempt to.
